#summary List of common issues and how to solve them
<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= Javac compiler not found =

*Syntax of error:*

{{{
projectFilepath/build.xml:76: Unable to find a javac compiler;
com.sun.tools.javac.Main is not on the classpath.
Perhaps JAVA_HOME does not point to the JDK
}}}

==Fixes:==
*1. Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to point to the JDK on your machine*

In Windows:
  * Click Start, right-click on Computer and select Properties
  * Click Advanced System Settings, then Environment Variables in the window that pops up.
  * In the System Variables box, find the JAVA_HOME variable and click edit.  If there is not a variable named this, create a new one.
  * Set the value to be the path to your JDK.  For example: 
{{{
C:/Program Files (x86)/Java/jdk1.6.0_23/bin
}}}

*Note:* The official Android development guide states the following:

 Note: When installing JDK on Windows, the default is to install in the 
 Program Files" directory. This location will cause ant to fail,  
 because of the space. To fix the problem, you can specify the JAVA_HOME  
 variable like this: `set JAVA_HOME=c:\Progra~1\Java\<jdkdir>`. The
 easiest solution, however, is to install JDK in a non-space directory,
 for example: `c:\java\jdk1.6.0_02`.


So if the above doesn't work for you, try that.

In Linux:
Open a terminal and execute the export command. For example:
{{{
export JAVA_HOME=/usr/java/jdk1.5.0_07/bin/java
}}}

*2. Add tools.jar to classpath*
_Note that although this works, it has not been confirmed it's a legitimate, perfect fix._
  * In eclipse, click Window->Preferences. 
  * In the resulting window on the left hand side, click Ant->Runtime.
  * Add an external JAR. Add <your JDK directory>/lib/tools.jar