#summary Outline of the requirements for Milestone 3
<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= Source Code Repository =
  Source code for Luminance for this milestone can be found here:
  [http://code.google.com/p/cmpt371t1/source/checkout]

= Development =
  Documentation for the development team can be viewed here: DevTeam

= Testing =
  The plan for testing can be viewed here: TestPlan <br>
  Documentation for the test team can be viewed here: TestTeam<br>
  The user evaluation plan can be viewed here: UserEvaluations<br>
  Use cases that have been written so far can be viewed here: UseCaseScenarios<br>
  The Traceability matrix can be viewed here: TraceabilityMatrix

= Mini-Milestone List =
 The updated project plan we have set can be viewed here:  MilestonePlan

 CPM Diagram information can be viewed here: [CPMDiagram]

= Risk Analysis =
 The updated risk report can be viewed at: RiskReport

= Requirements =
 Updated requirements can be viewed at: [Requirements]

= Team Roles and Activity Log =
 The team roles can be found at: http://code.google.com/p/cmpt371t1/people/list

 The activity log can be viewed at: ProjectMemberTime

= Code Reviews =
 The code review process is documented at CodeReviewProcess.
 
 Code reviews and formal inspections are documented at CodeReviews.
 
= Refinement of our Software Development Process =

 The software engineering processes we have been using can be viewed here: SoftwareEngineeringProcesses

= Current State of the System =

 The status report can be viewed here: StatusReport

 The class diagram from this prototype can be viewed here: ClassDiagram

= Defect/Bug information =

 Information about all defects/bugs ever found can be viewed here: http://code.google.com/p/cmpt371t1/issues/list?can=1&q=&colspec=ID+Type+Status+Priority+Milestone+Owner+Summary+AssignedTo&cells=tiles

 Information about the current defects/bugs can be viewed here: http://code.google.com/p/cmpt371t1/issues/list

Note: The issue tracker also tracks tasks that need to be done in general.  It should also be noted that this issue tracker has been in place since the beginning.  Not including it in the previous milestones was an oversight.

= Initial Analysis for Deliverable 4 =
 == Deliverable plan ==
 Any project artifacts that were modified or created since the first three milestones will be part of Deliverable 4:

   * Updated Risk Report - Includes an updated analysis of previous risks, as well as new risks that have been introduced
   * Version Control Strategy - How to ensure that developers do not commit code that will compromise the build.
   * GUI Test Suite - Continuing work with Robotium.  Currently in a working state, however is incomplete due to the fact that the alpha version of the game was not complete until the day this was due.
   * jUnit Test Suite - Continuing work with the unit test suite.  Currently there are tests for each of the source classes.  Working will continue to ensure that they remain robust and correct.
   * jCoverage Test Suite - The code coverage test suite.  Currently working.
   * Software Quality - The latest measurements of quality using code reviews.

 In addition, the following implementation-specific tasks are anticipated:
  * Full User Evaluation - Since this could not be completed for the current milestone as planned, it will be pushed back into this one.
  * Sound effects - This was another thing that was originally delegated for this milestone that had to be pushed back due to time.
  * Special and Lighting effects
  * Multiple playable levels.
  * Game Level Editor - A tool to create new game levels.
  * Random level generator - An application that works behind the scenes to produce random levels for the user to play.
  * Prototype new tools and mechanics.
  * Beta version of game.


 == Estimate of size and time ==
|| *Task* || *Estimate time (hours)* ||
|| Run user evaluation || _N/A_ ||
|| Robotium test suite || 8 ||
|| Implement new tools and mechanics || 20 ||
|| Add sound effects for all actions || 4 ||
|| Add sound special effects and improve graphics || 12 ||
|| Each member designs 10 levels || 4 ||
|| Design user manual || 6 ||
|| Implement random level generator || 12 ||
|| Updated smoke test based on source code changes || 8 ||
|| Beta version of the game || 12 ||