_Outline of the requirements for Milestone 1_


= Code Requirements =
== Source Code Repository ==
Source code for Luminance can be found here:
[http://cmpt371t1.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/]

== Daily Build ==
A daily build is run on !TeamCity to ensure the continuing quality of the software.  It sends and email to every group member when there is an unsuccessful build.  It also prevents committing of code that breaks the build.  This is riding on the notion of fixing bugs on existing functionality before continuing development.
== Smoke Test ==
Test Team

- require code to pass smoke test before commit

- tests written to ensure the basic functionality of the software will not be compromised with the updated code. 
== Testing and Hooks ==
- existing or planned tests

- testability investments that currently exist or that are planned

    * hooks

    * use of specifications

    * design-by-contract

    * separation of concerns

    * things that foster testability but are not tests

- how the system is to be tested

    * manual mechanism

    * support for any mechanisms (test harnesses)

    * things that drive the system through key elements of functionality, or that will do so

= Mini-Milestone List =
Stephen

= Risk Analysis =
The risk report can be viewed at: [https://code.google.com/p/cmpt371t1/wiki/Risk_Report]

= Team Roles and Activity Log =
Kum
The team roles and activity log can be viewed at: [https://code.google.com/p/cmpt371t1/wiki/Project_Member_Time]

= Code Reviews =
TBA - need to do some!

- for bug prevention

- reviews by peers, help identify bugs

- different perspectives

- everybody understands what you did

- on code, comments, the manual, design specs, test plan, test cases

- get started on immediately, instead of waiting for code,

= Requirements =
== Functional ==
Development environment requirements can be viewed here: [https://code.google.com/p/cmpt371t1/wiki/Development_Environment_Setup]

- anything else?

- Android phone!

Stephen

== Non-functional == 
- Performance criteria, stability needs, compatibility concerns etc

JaiJing

= GUI Prototype =
Design team

- diagrams for functionality

= Initial Analysis for Deliverable 2 =
== Deliverable plan ==

- all project artifacts created or modified since the first milestone

- new artifacts: 

    * updated risk analysis (including results of new scanning)

    * the version control strategy

    * the test strategy and testing done to date (including test results)

    * the latest measurements of software quality

== Estimate of size and time ==
Need to do