#summary Documentation for the Development Team.
== Introduction ==

This is where the development team will be listing their tasks and roles.

== Milestone 3 ==
 === Meeting Times ===
 - Note meetings yet

 === Tasks ===
  * Stephen
   * Lighting effects
   * Reflection effects
  * Zenja
   * Playing sound effects at appropriate times
   * Additional tools
   * Additional game objects
  * Kum
   * Advanced GUI effects (fading, glowing, etc)
  * Jonny
   * Fix all the input issues we have
  * Sten
   * Saving of XML Levels
   * Level editor
   * 2 more songs

 * First sprint *
   * Stephen
     * Fixed the state pushing
     * Getting Prism to work
     * Getting some lighting enabled.
   * Jonny
     * Update GUI textures with an on-touched version
     * "Level Complete" texture
   * Kum
     * Update GUI textures with an on-touched version
   * Zenja
     * Get music playing on repeat
     * "Level Complete" texture
     * A method to progress through levels - i.e. load a file which contains a list of levels in order, or create a way for XmlLevels to store the path to their next level.
   * Sten
     * Get music playing on repeat
     * A method to progress through levels - i.e. load a file which contains a list of levels in order, or create a way for XmlLevels to store the path to their next level.

Load a level list containing names of each levels, GameState 
should parse this file and use it to iterate levels. - Sten

- Level complete should not delete the current gameState, there 
should be a clear() type function which essentially resets game state. 
This might involve adding clear() to other classes. Things like Grid, 
Camera, etc can just be recreated. (ie. _grid = new Grid, let the old 
instance just die for now). - Zenja

- Setup a "pause" menu for our game in GameState. This probably 
requires a GUIManager that is only drawn at certain times. The menu 
should have options like "resume, restart level, quit". This might 
require a new graphics. - Kum, Jonny (for the graphic)

- Sound effects for victory, placing tools and clicking on the 
GUI. Check out (http://www.freesound.org/) - Sten, Zenja

- Tools need icons representing how many are left. Since there is 
no nice OpenGL way to just draw plain old text there will be some 
learning here. Two good websites: start here 
(http://www.opengl.org/resources/faq/technical/fonts.htm) and follow 
the 
link to here 
(http://www.opengl.org/resources/code/samples/glut_examples/texfont/texf
ont.html). 
If you can't make heads or tails of this quickly please ask and I'll 
explain a simpler (less useful) solution. - Zenja and Kum, Jonny for 
support.

 * Second sprint *
   * Stephen
     * 
   * Jonny
     * Make input perfect, and include a 'swipe' gesture
   * Kum
     * Update GUI textures with an on-touched version
   * Zenja
     * Get music playing on repeat
     * "Level Complete" texture
     * A method to progress through levels - i.e. load a file which contains a list of levels in order, or create a way for XmlLevels to store the path to their next level.
   * Sten
     * Get music playing on repeat
     * A method to progress through levels - i.e. load a file which contains a list of levels in order, or create a way for XmlLevels to store the path to their next level.

== Milestone 2 ==
 * Two members have gone from the team. 
 * Chet is not longer part of the development team.
 * Stephen now development lead.
 === Meeting Times ===
  * Tuesday, March 8, 2011
   * All dev meeting over Skype

  * Monday, March 7, 2011
   * All dev meeting over Skype

  * Sunday, March 6, 2011
   * All dev meeting over Skype

  * Wednesday, February 23, 2011
   * New dev tasks
   * Review of completed tasks.

  * Monday, February 21, 2011
   * Group meeting after break, big task lists given out
   * All completed tasks over the break reviewed

  * Tuesday, February 15, 2011 in S372
   * Looked through entire code base as a group peer review.
   * Discussed team roles and how everybody was doing.  Solved issues verbally with suggestions and help.

 === Tasks ===
  * Stephen
   * Lights
   * Collision Detection
   * Ray casting for picking
  * Zenja
   * Tools
   * Tool placement
   * Audio fixed
  * Kum
   * All GUI components (button,label)
   * Completed game menu
   * Help with toolbelt since it is a gui component
  * Jonny
   * All textures created for 2D GUI
   * Input refinements
   * All textures created for in game component


== Milestone 1 ==
 === Meeting Times ===
  * Wednesday, February 2, 2011 in S371
   * Stephen performed the OpenGL tutorial for all the group members.

  Note: Lost the rest of our times.

 === Tasks ===
  * Stephen
    * Grid implementation
    * Sky Box for game background
    * Graphics for grid and skybox
    * Core engine
  * Jonny
    * Touch input implementation
  * Zenja
    * Resource manager
    * Audio system
    * Game objects system (only Box so far)
    * Graphics renderer
  * Kum
    * Learning Android and OpenGL Widget Toolkits.
    * Implement GUI menus, buttons, labels, etc.
  * Steven
    * Sound asset creation
    * Level XML template, which can be viewed here: LevelFileTemplate
    * Level loader