#summary Brief summary of weekly meetings
= Introduction =

Weekly meeting minutes.

= January 27, 2011=



  * Mini Milestone list - Stephen
  * Risk - Chet
  * Source Code - Stephen
  * Test documentation (What we have, what we do in future) - Test Team
  * Documentation of Code Review - wait for clarification
  * Wiki outline deliverable - Martina
  * Documentation of Personal - Done


= January 26, 2011 =
  # Whats done
  # Stephen: Working spinning box on the svn repo and basic architecture working.
  # Kai: UML Diagram is done with Visual Diagram
  # TestTeam: Bug assignment page now scrapped, the bug issuer spams e-mails.
  
  # For next meeting
  # Sten: Looking at Check Style
  # Chet: Risk will be done by friday
  # Jonny: Input on touch screen
  # TestTeam: Still working on concept on ant build and smoke test

  # Issue Tracking: Owner change to Fix status then Triage/Test Team change to Verified
  
= January 24, 2011 =

  # Test team has a starting task.
  # Triage team has a starting task.
  # Development Team: 
      # Flush out the architecture 
      # Draw a bunch of Class Diagrams

  # Start breaking into respective groups and start working!

= January 21, 2011 =

  # Everyone should update their duties.  Go to "Project Home" -> People -> Update your duties.
  # A template for ALL our issues is setup in Google code and might be modified by Jeff in the future.  All     issues posted should follow this.
  # Everyone should read the getting started on development wiki page and have their development environment setup by the next meeting.
  # Martina is our meeting manager now.  Her word is rule.
  # The Triage team is in charge of accepting bugs and will discuss with the dev team who will fix it.
  # Design team will meet next and Stephen will bring a basic domain diagram for the first design team meeting.