#summary Documentation for the Test Team
#labels Phase-QA

= Introduction =

Will be listing our tasks

== Meeting Times ==
Friday, January 27, 2011 at spinks 342

= Test Team: =

Tasks: 

February 16, 2011
  * Chet
    # Test on ResourceManagement package
  * Amara
    # Use-Case Scenarios
    # User Scenario Testing plan
  * Jeff
    # Ant Script
    # Smoke Test

February 1, 2011
 Since game testing is substantially different from any other software testing, decide between conventional testing vs user hands on testing. Inquire experienced persons(Prof. Stanley, Prof. Osgood) on the best approach to testing game mechanics. Implement ant script on local machine.

  * Ant Script Tutorial: http://ant.apache.org/manual/tutorial-HelloWorldWithAnt.html
  * Developing in other IDEs: http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/other-ide.html
  * Testing in other IDEs: http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/testing/testing_otheride.html

January 28, 2011
  Because the build server does not have Eclipse and teamcity uses ant scripts/builds, I believe these can help us understand how to make an automated smoke test and later, a fully automatic test suite.

  * Ant Script Tutorial: http://ant.apache.org/manual/tutorial-HelloWorldWithAnt.html
  * Developing in other IDEs: http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/other-ide.html
  * Testing in other IDEs: http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/testing/testing_otheride.html


January 27, 2011

  Research testing suites
    * Robotium - UI testing
    * JUnit - Core, smoke test
    * Anything else that you guys might think will be necessary

  If possible, any concept or example of such tests being run (Does not have to use the Luminance
  package) is good.

  Something else to look at is, instead of running eclipse's automatic builds, try and get either ant
  scripting up or command-line build/runs.

  Good site: http://developer.android.com/index.html
      

January 24, 2011
   
  Download eclipse
  Code Coverage: http://update.eclemma.org

  Make a Concept smoke test
  Due: by the end of the week or next meeting.
  
  Create ant script for smoke test,
      * Make it so that it builds a project
      * Upon rejection, don't commit/error
      * Else, run some unit testing/smoke test
 
  Learn how team city works
  
  Eclipse Testing with TeamCity http://www.jetbrains.com/teamcity/features/continuous_integration.html#Remote_Build_Run_and_Pre-Tested_Commit


= Triage: =

Tasks:

January 24, 2011
  Format issue report form
  Accept and assign issues - Continuous